Redis Infrastrucutre:

Need to create a background API for dealing with the different functions
concerning the below infrastructure. The API will then be able to be
accessed easily from a few different ways. Including: web interface, text
interface.

rooms: rooms -> rooms

subscribers: (room) -> users 

subscriptions: (phone #) - (room)

messages: sms-(room) -> messages

Anything surronded in '()' are variables to be filled in with user
specified info. '-' characters mean its a key to value pair. '->' 
characters mean key to list value.

Note about admin :
(ANOTHER SIDE NOTE - > this isn't going to work until auth becomes a thing so only I can?)

Admin is the person who creates the room, is the only person who can destroy
the room. An admin can abdicate their admin status and then the next user.
in the list becomes the admin. Need some sort of message to inform.

Redis side note:

Investigate just putting messages into redis and have a pub-sub
system where it forwards the message out to clients when it gets added.
Might scale better? Could have messages coming in from other services 
other then just the current twilio GET request. Might cause delay, but
probably not, just seems a little weird to have two data sources feeding
the app.

Redis vs. Postgres:

Might make a neat drop in replacement for redis and use postgres and maybe
eventually do some A/B testing and see which ones scales better. Problem
with this is getting enough traffic where these things could be stressed
in some way or another.

Subscribing to more than on room?

Not sure how going to handle this...maybe doesn't make sense seeing as
user receiving the message to their phone would have to parse out the
differences in the single stream. I think maybe this is where text message
meta data being parsed out by an android app would come in handy. Side note:
a twitter bootstrap like thing just came out for android. Anyway kitkat 4.4
comes with SMS apis, so maybe can use this to receive text messages from
certain numbers and parse out the meta data to route messages. Hopefully
these SMS apis will be backported.

Socket.IO - TODO

I think I have over used socket.io so far and would like to change a lot of the
threshold page to just rely on http requests. It was nice to use it a bit
and figure out some interesting ways to do things, but I have reinvented things
where http requests can get the job done. Socket.IO can stick around for pushing
messages to the rooms page though...
